Update new-repo-checklist.md (#438)
maplibre/maplibre: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-repo-checklist.md

  *Use the gear icon in the upper right corner of the repo page.*
- [ ] CI automatically runs on all pull requests before merging using GitHub actions
- [ ] Grant admin rights to the board members and automation accounts for packages <list-of-packages>

>     - [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com/): package settings / invite:  `maplibreorg nyurik klokan lseelenbinder wipfli`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com/): package settings / invite:  `maplibreorg nyurik klokan lseelenbinder`
```

Author: @birkskyum what's your NPM account?  please add ^

Reviewer 2: It's "birkskyum"

>     - [crates.io](https://crates.io/): package settings / add owner: `nyurik klokan lseelenbinder wipfli`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [crates.io](https://crates.io/): package settings / add owner: `nyurik klokan lseelenbinder`
```

## Community
- [ ] The new repo has been announced in the `#maplibre` OSMUS slack channel.
- [ ] The new repo has been announced in the next monthly meeting of the Technical Steering Committee.

> - [ ] The new repo has been announced on social media.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The new repo has been announced on social media.
- [ ] The new repo has been announced in the newsletter.
```

> - [ ] The new repo has been announced in the [@maplibre.org](https://bsky.app/profile/maplibre.org) Bluesky.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The new repo has been announced on our social networks.
```

I would add an item: has been announced in the newsletter.

I would just reformulate it as "has been announced on social media". We also use X, Mastodon and LinkedIn.
